Add note about old configuration (#11128)
DataDog/integrations-core: envoy/README.md

| `<INTEGRATION_NAME>` | `envoy`                                     |
| `<INIT_CONFIG>`      | blank or `{}`                               |
| `<INSTANCE_CONFIG>`  | `{"openmetrics_endpoint": "http://%%host%%:80/stats/prometheus"}` |

>  **Note**: This is a new default check example. If you previously implemented this integration, see the [legacy example][17].

Reviewer: nit- can you make the wording more like: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/10839/files#diff-479c19626e9d462720457498c00aa8931a08520647a4d1c2fa0f63e7a4128de5R39

Author: ```suggestion
 **Note**: The current version of the check (1.26.0+) uses [OpenMetrics][17] for metric collection, which requires Python 3. For hosts that are unable to use Python 3, or if you would like to use a legacy version of this check, refer to the following [config][18].
```

[14]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/envoy/metadata.csv
[15]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/envoy/assets/service_checks.json
[16]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

> [17]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/7.33.x/envoy/datadog_checks/envoy/data/conf.yaml.example

Author: ```suggestion
[17]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/openmetrics/
[18]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/7.33.x/envoy/datadog_checks/envoy/data/conf.yaml.example
```
